h1. hxRtAudio

"Haxe":http://haxe.org/ binding to "RtAudio":http://www.music.mcgill.ca/~gary/rtaudio/ (4.0.11), for cross-platform real-time audio input/output.

Supports c++ target only.

h2. Supported platforms

* Windows(32bit)
** Compiled APIs: *DirectSound*, *ASIO*
* Mac(32/64bit)
** Compiled APIs: *CoreAudio*
* Linux(32/64bit)
** Compiled APIs: *ALSA*, *OpenSound*, *Jack*
** For OpenSound: "Instruction for configuring OpenSound on Ubuntu":https://help.ubuntu.com/community/OpenSound

h2. Usage

There are several examples under the package @rtAudio.tests@.

You can also view the "online documentation":http://andyli.github.com/hxRtAudio/.

h2. License

h3. hxRtAudio

bq.. 

Copyright (c) 2011-2012, Andy Li http://www.onthewings.net/
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, 
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, 
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, 
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation 
and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived 
from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. 
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, 
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, 
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, 
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF 
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE 
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED 
OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

h3. RtAudio

bq.. 

RtAudio: a set of realtime audio i/o C++ classes
Copyright (c) 2001-2012 Gary P. Scavone

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files
(the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction,
including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge,
publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software,
and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

Any person wishing to distribute modifications to the Software is
asked to send the modifications to the original developer so that
they can be incorporated into the canonical version.  This is,
however, not a binding provision of this license.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.